---
title: "2000 Audi A3 Remote Key Fob Programming Instructions"
description: "Keyless Entry Programming Instructions: You need at least two keys for this system to work as well as the remote key fobs that need to be programmed. The total number that can be programmed is four an"
make: "Audi"
model: "Audi A3"
years: "2000"
yearStart: 2000
yearEnd: 2000
difficulty: "easy"
timeMinutes: 5
requiresExistingKey: true
requiresLocksmith: false
author: "The Remote Guy"
pubDate: "2012-10-09"
oldUrl: "https://programcarremotes.com/audi/audi-a3/2000-audi-a3-remote-key-fob-programming-instructions/"
---

Keyless Entry Programming Instructions:

You need at least two keys for this system to work as well as the remote key fobs that need to be programmed. The total number that can be programmed is four and four only.

1.  open the door
2.  reach in and insert key #1 into the ignition and turn it to the ON position
3.  If you got into the car, get out of the car
4.  Insert key #2 into the outside door lock and turn and hold it in the ‘unlock’ position for at least 10 seconds and then release it.
5.  The car will beep three times to confirm that it is now in ‘programming’ mode and is ready to program your key fobs
6.  You have to do the following for each remote key fob you want to program,
7.  Take first key fob you want to program and press button one.
8.  You should hear two beeps that signify that the remote has been programmed.
9.  Repeat this procedure for each remote key fob waiting to hear the two beeps before proceeding to the next one.
10.  IMPORTANT: you must complete programming all remote key fobs following those instructions within ONE MINUTE. If you do not complete the programming instructions in one minute. The car will reset itself and you will have to start again.
11.  Now turn #2 in the outside door lock and hold it in the unlock position for at least 10 seconds and then release it.
12.  You should hear one beep to signify that the car has ended programming mode
13.  Key #1 should still be in the ignition, turn it to the off position.
14.  Remove the key.