---
title: "2008 Mitsubishi Lancer Remote Programming"
description: "Programming Instructions: The solution for programming the remote on your 2008 Mitsubishi Lancer depends on how it is equipped. If you have anti-theft, you will need to have at least ONE WORKING REMOT"
make: "Mitsubishi"
model: "Lancer"
years: "2008"
yearStart: 2008
yearEnd: 2008
difficulty: "easy"
timeMinutes: 5
requiresExistingKey: true
requiresLocksmith: false
author: "The Remote Guy"
pubDate: "2011-01-23"
oldUrl: "https://programcarremotes.com/mitsubishi/lancer/2008-mitsubishi-lancer-remote-programming/"
---

Programming Instructions:

The solution for programming the remote on your 2008 Mitsubishi Lancer depends on how it is equipped.

**If you have anti-theft, you will need to have at least ONE WORKING REMOTE** already before you can program any others. (Note that all models above the DE have anti-theft as standard feature). If you don’t have one working remote, then you will have to go to a dealer or auto-locksmith to have the remotes programmed.

Instructions for anti-theft with at least one working remote:

1.  With your one working remote, press the ‘UNLOCK’ button,
2.  wait about 5 seconds, then press the ‘LOCK’ button
3.  **immediately** press the ‘UNLOCK’ button again
4.  on the new NON WORKING remote, press and hold both the ‘LOCK’ and ‘UNLOCK’ buttons for 3 seconds
5.  release both buttons at the same time and IMMEDIATELY press the ‘UNLOCK’ button again.

You are done, programming mode will end within two minutes or when you start the car.

If you don’t have anti-theft enabled, then you can enable programming mode for your remote door opener by doing the following:

1.  Find the car’s data programming port. This is located under the drivers side dash – It’s a white connector with 16 holes.
2.  Put the key in the ignition. Leave it in the “Off” position.
3.  Put the jumper wire pin into data port slot four. Put the other end of the pin into data port one.
4.  IMMEDIATELY, turn the ignition switch to ON (with the jumper wire still connected in the data port)
5.  IMMEDIATELY, press the hazard switch 6 times (at which time the door locks will cycle on and off to indicate that the car is in ‘program’ mode)
6.  Push “Lock” on the remote three times within 10 seconds. The door will lock and unlock to indicate it has been programmed.
7.  Do the same for the second key
8.  Remove the jumper wire from the data port and remove the keys from the ignition and you are done.