---
title: "2005 Chrysler PT Cruiser Remote Programming"
description: "Programming Instructions: Note: This is the same for many Chrysler/Dodge/Jeep vehicles. Grab your working remote. Insert the ignition key and turn it to ON. Push and hold UNLOCK on the working remote "
make: "Chrysler"
model: "Pt Cruiser"
years: "2005"
yearStart: 2005
yearEnd: 2005
difficulty: "easy"
timeMinutes: 5
requiresExistingKey: true
requiresLocksmith: false
author: "The Remote Guy"
pubDate: "2010-12-23"
oldUrl: "https://programcarremotes.com/chrysler/pt-cruiser/2005-chrysler-pt-cruiser-remote-programming/"
---

Programming Instructions:

Note: This is the same for many Chrysler/Dodge/Jeep vehicles.

Grab your working remote. Insert the ignition key and turn it to ON. Push and hold UNLOCK on the working remote for 6 seconds. Push and hold PANIC for one second while continuing to hold UNLOCK. Release both buttons at the same time.

Push any button on the remote to program it. Then push any button on the remote that was already programmed. It has to be reprogrammed. The remote is now programmed to the vehicle. Turn the key to OFF.

We have had some requests for instructions on **how To Program a Transponder Key for the 2005 PT Cruiser** and were able to identify this process. We have not tested this ourselves so your mileage may vary, if you have tried it please let us know how it went by leaving a comment below.

You can program new keys to the system if you have two valid sentry keys by doing the following:

1.  Cut the additional Sentry Key Transponder blank to match the ignition switch lock cylinder key code.
2.  Insert the first valid key into the ignition switch and turn the ignition switch ON for at least 3 seconds but no longer than 15 seconds.
3.  Turn the ignition switch OFF and remove the first key.
4.  Insert the second valid key and turn the ignition switch ON within 15 seconds. After ten seconds a chime will sound and the Theft Alarm Light will begin to flash.
5.  Turn the ignition switch OFF and remove the second key.
6.  Insert a blank Sentry Key into the ignition switch and turn the ignition switch ON within 60 seconds. After 10 seconds a single chime with sound.
7.  The Theft Alarm Light will stop flashing, turn on for 3 seconds; then turn off.
8.  The new Sentry Key has been programmed.

Repeat this process to program up to a total of 8 keys.”

Without 2 valid keys, you will have to return to the dealer to have your transponder key reprogrammed.