---
title: "1998 BMW 3-Series Remote Programming"
description: "To program the key fob for the early model BMW 3 series including the 318 you have to start with all doors, trunk and hood closed. There are several different methods to try for the BMW 3Series so you"
make: "Bmw"
model: "Bmw 3 Series"
years: "1998"
yearStart: 1998
yearEnd: 1998
difficulty: "easy"
timeMinutes: 5
requiresExistingKey: true
requiresLocksmith: false
author: "The Remote Guy"
pubDate: "2012-12-12"
oldUrl: "https://programcarremotes.com/bmw/bmw-3-series/1998-bmw-3-series-remote-programming/"
---

To program the key fob for the early model BMW 3 series including the 318 you have to

start with all doors, trunk and hood closed.

There are several different methods to try for the BMW 3Series so you may have to try more  
than one. TIP – if one method fails the first time, try it a second time before moving on  
to a new method as they can be tricky to get the steps right

METHOD ONE  
Step one – Open the Trunk

Step two – get in the drivers side of the vehicle and close the door

Step three – insert the key into the ignition and turn it ‘ON’ and ‘OFF’ five times ending in the ‘OFF’ position.

Your car should indicate that it is ready for programming by emitting a loud ‘chirp’ noise.

Step four – open and close the drivers door (but stay in the seat)

Step five – press any button on the key fob.

The light should flash indicating that programming has been succesful

Step six – repeat steps three and four again for other remotes your wish to program.

Step seven – when you have finished programming key fobs, leave the door open, get out and close the trunk and then close the drivers door.

Your car should indicate that it has completed programming mode by emitting another loud ‘chirp’ noise.

METHOD TWO

Step one – get in the drivers side of the vehicle and close the door

Step two – insert the key into the ignition and turn it ‘ON’ and ‘OFF’ five times ending in the ‘OFF’ position.

Step three – remove the key from the ignition and hold down the UNLOCK button for 15 seconds while pressing the LOCK button three times rapidly.

Step four – release both buttons

Your car should indicate that the key fob has been programmed by cycling the door locks.

METHOD THREE

this method requires at least one working key fob. If it doesn’t work the first time switch the order of the keys.

Step one – get in the drivers side of the vehicle and close the door

Step two – insert the key into the ignition and turn it quickly from ‘ON’ to ‘OFF’. All the rest of the steps MUST occur in 30 seconds or less.

Step three – remove key #1 and hold it up near the roof on the drivers side by your shoulder (this is where the reciever is located)

Step four – hold down the UNLOCK button for 15 seconds while pressing the LOCK button three times rapidly.

Step five – release the unlock button

Your car should indicate that the key fob has been programmed by cycling the door locks.

Step six – repeat step three, four, five fast for key #2.