---
title: "2006 Acura RSX Remote Programming"
description: "Programming Instructions: Note: Programming the remote is the same or similar for many Acura and Honda vehicles. The Acura RSX key fob programming instructions are a bit tricky when it comes to timing"
make: "Acura"
model: "Rsx"
years: "2006"
yearStart: 2006
yearEnd: 2006
difficulty: "easy"
timeMinutes: 5
requiresExistingKey: true
requiresLocksmith: false
author: "The Remote Guy"
pubDate: "2010-10-17"
oldUrl: "https://programcarremotes.com/acura/rsx/2006-acura-rsx-remote-programming/"
---

Programming Instructions:

Note: Programming the remote is the same or similar for many Acura and Honda vehicles.

The Acura RSX key fob programming instructions are a bit tricky when it comes to timing.  
Be sure to do each step QUICKLY – within just a couple seconds of each other or the  
programming procedure will fail.

We recommend printing out these instructions and reading them thoroughly before starting the procedure.

1) get in the vehicle and close the door (all doors and hatches should be closed)

2) Insert the key into the ignition switch and turn it to the ‘ON’ position

3) Pointing the key fob transmitter below the car stereo (where the receiver is), push the lock or unlock button.

4) Turn the ignition switch to the ‘OFF’ position.

5) Turn the ignition switch to the ‘ON’ position.

6) Pointing the key fob transmitter below the car stereo (where the receiver is), push the lock or unlock button.

7) Turn the ignition switch to the ‘OFF’ position.

8) Turn the ignition switch to the ‘ON’ position.

9) Pointing the key fob transmitter below the car stereo (where the receiver is), push the lock or unlock button.

10) Turn the ignition switch to the ‘OFF’ position.

11) Turn the ignition switch to the ‘ON’ position.

12) Pointing the key fob transmitter below the car stereo (where the receiver is), push the lock or unlock button.

13) The door locks should now cycle on and off – this indicates succesfully matched/programmed key fob

14) Push the lock or unlock button on the transmitter one more time.

15) You can now (quickly) program any remaining key fobs

16) For other key fobs to be programmed now simply point their transmitter below the car stereo and press the lock/unlock button. If succesful, you should hear the door locks cycle after each remote key fob is programmed.

17) Turn the ignition switch to the ‘OFF’ position. That is it you are done!