---
title: "2009 Nissan Versa Remote Programming Instructions"
description: "WARNING: These Versa programming instructions will not work for the Proximity Key &#8211; they are intended for use only with the Keyless Remote. For a Proximity Key Fob you will have to take the vehi"
make: "Nissan"
model: "Versa"
years: "2009"
yearStart: 2009
yearEnd: 2009
difficulty: "easy"
timeMinutes: 5
requiresExistingKey: true
requiresLocksmith: false
author: "The Remote Guy"
pubDate: "2011-01-23"
oldUrl: "https://programcarremotes.com/nissan/versa/2009-nissan-versa/"
---

WARNING: These Versa programming instructions will not work for the Proximity Key – they are intended for use only with the Keyless Remote. For a Proximity Key Fob you will have to take the vehicle and key to a Nissan Dealer or possibly a Locksmith

Note: You must program (or ‘re-program) all remote keys at the same time so make sure you have all the transmitters (remote entry keys) with you before you put the vehicle into program mode.  Once you program a single transmitter a new ‘code’ is created and all previous codes are deleted making remotes using the previous code unoperable.

#  Nissan Versa Keyless Entry Programming Instructions

1\. Close and lock all doors with the driver’s side power lock/unlock switch.

2\. Insert and remove key from ignition at least six times within a ten second period

3\.  Your car will indicate it is in programming mode by flashing its ‘hazard. If they do not flash, then you have not completed the step properly. Wait 60 seconds and try again until the lights flash.  NOTE: It is important that you remove the key entirely from the ignition each time – we recommend a slight pause – before reinserting the key (for each of the six times you must do this)

3\. Now that the car is in programming mode you are ready to program your Nissan Versa remote. First, insert the key into the ignition, Second turn the key to the position labelled ‘ACC’.

4\. Within 5 seconds, push ANY button on the remote transmitter and the hazard lights on your car should flash again. IMPORTANT: Only press a button on the remote ONCE in the above step

5\. Your remote is now programmed

6\. To program additional care remotes, including originally working remotes is simple.

7\. After the first remote has been programmed and with the car STILL IN PROGRAM MODE, using the drivers side power door lock,  unlock and lock all doors

8\. Within 5 seconds,push ANY button on the remote transmitter and the hazard lights on your car should flash again. Repeat for each transmitter.

9\. To complete the programming step, turn the key ‘off’ and remove from the ignition

10\. Then unlock the doors using  with the driver’s side power door lock/unlock switch and then open the driver side door.

Thats it! Let us know how your experience has been reprogramming the remote of your 2009 \\nissan Versa!